Adopt a8c-secrets for the demo app secrets (#824)
Automattic/Gravatar-SDK-iOS: Demo/Demo/Generated/README.md

`Secrets.swift` is shown in red in Xcode and `Open Quickly` cannot find it.
That is expected: it does not exist in the repository.

> The `Generate Secrets.swift` build phase writes it into the demo target's `$(DERIVED_FILE_DIR)` when needed, from the secrets decrypted by `a8c-secrets decrypt`, or, failing those, from `Secrets.external-contributors.swift`, which external contributors can create by copying the committed `Secrets.template.swift`.

Author: ```suggestion
The `Generate Secrets.swift` build phase writes it into the demo target's `$(DERIVED_FILE_DIR)` when needed, from the secrets managed by `a8c-secrets`, or, missing those, from `Secrets.external-contributors.swift`, which external contributors can create by copying the committed `Secrets.template.swift`.
```
